No no no tiger brother
Am I 5 million?
How come 10 million
What, you borrowed 5 million just to 5 million?
I'm a loan shark
I only doubled it.
What more do you want?
5 million
I can call someone to bring it now
10 million cents is not for you to choose for yourself
What did you say boy
I don't want to pay a penny back
You want to eat me?
Then I will eat you today
How can you get your head green?
Dare to be so rampant in front of my Dragon and Tiger Gate
Give me out
Boy, have you practiced amazing?
I don't believe it can even stop a bullet
Playing with guns in front of me, you're still a little boy
I advise you to be more interesting
Ask carefully about the strength of our tigers
I don't care what your strength is
If you provoke me, it will be miserable or miserable.